My immediate answer is it would never get in certain situation like this.
It's a way too careful.
We're sad if that situation happened.
And then, secondly, I think it's
a great thing for philosophers to discuss these kind of problems.
They can get tenure over the universities,
but it's not of practical relevance.
If we the manage with certain car technology to hasten the traffic deaths in the world,
which means if we are able to have 500,000 fewer deaths in total,
then for this extremely rare,
purely hypothetical, only if I really discuss the problems of trolleys,
that might occur once in a hundred years.
I think whatever the outcome is,
the mental energy that philosophers have spent on discussing is completely out of
proportion to the benefit of others on one problem and then leave it at that.